Heads Up For Tails: Celebrating 15 Years of Petcare Leadership in India
February 11, 2023  Business
Team HUFT

February 10- 2023, Bangalore, India: Till about early 2008, the pet care industry in India was a scattered few small stores with products from China. There was no curation of products and services for pets, and the retail distribution was built on pet food. There was no one organized brand in the category.

Everything changed when Rashi Narang, the Founder of Heads Up For Tails, unable to find anything meaningful for her pet, Sara, realized the need gap in the market and started her venture. Heads Up For Tails was conceptualized to be a shopping experience, a destination for pet parents to find products that were thoughtfully designed and manufactured in India.

What started as a small kiosk in SelectCityWalk Delhi, is today a brand that houses over 500+ India-first products. These products are across multiple categories like treats, toys, apparel, accessories, supplements, food and walk-gear. HUFT, as the brand is popularly known, is today present in 15 cities, and 70+ retail stores, on their website (huft.com), and the brand is just about to launch its app.

In the last 15 years, Heads Up For Tails has been at the forefront of pet care in India, championing a new narrative around pet parenting. With a mission to improve pet lives and a commitment to innovation, the brand has been instrumental in shaping a more mindful and loving approach to the relationship between pets and their parents.

Speaking on the occasion, Rashi Narang mentioned “We started 15 years back, and today are the category leaders. We have invested in research & development, manufacturing, retail expansion and talent development to build the industry. Today, HUFT serves millions of customers across the country, and we are truly proud to be a part of their family”

With a state of the art research and manufacturing facility in Bengaluru, the brand has been innovating to provide pet owners with category defining solutions for their pets’ needs. The company also has tailoring and manufacturing units to make their own apparel, accessories, beds, mats, toys and walk-gear, which are extremely high quality, sustainable and specially designed for Indian conditions.

Committed to promoting gender equality, HUFT is the recipient of the Great Place To Work award, 2 years consecutively, and is privileged to have a diverse team of over 1400 HUFTians, with equitable gender representation.

The Heads Up For Tails Foundation, driven by a commitment towards animal welfare, has made a significant impact, providing over 1 million meals and 6000 reflective collars to street animals across India. The Foundation’s work is a testament to the company’s unwavering mission to enhance the lives of the voiceless.

With a commitment to sustainability, Heads Up For Tails has taken steps to reduce its carbon footprint and promote environmental responsibility. The brand is conscious of its impact on the environment, using more responsible packaging materials such as recycled cardboard and reducing the plastic load. The company also has installed a state-of-the-art shredding system in place for efficient waste management.

The launch of their ‘Paws For Earth’ line of eco-friendly products further underscores their commitment to sustainability, making it clear that they believe in preserving the planet for future generations. By setting an example in the pet care industry, Heads Up For Tails is showing that businesses can prioritize both quality products and environmental responsibility.

Post navigation
