Heads Up For Tails launches its new campaign #AKinderWorldForAnimals - Feb 18, 2023

Tails (HUFT), India's leading pet care brand, is proud to celebrate its 15th anniversary, marking a significant milestone in its journey. Over the last 15 years, the brand has been at the forefront of transforming the pet care industry in India and has become the go-to choice for pet parents across the country. Through this campaign, HUFT aims to showcase the behavioural impact it has had on society with the view to eradicating animal cruelty against pets and abandoned animals.
Recently, a virtual protest for a dog named Bruno garnered much attention on the Internet. Unfortunately, Bruno was severely mistreated. This
is not an isolated incident, but rather one of many cases that often go unreported. In an effort to address this issue and promote kindness and
empathy, HUFT has launched a brand film campaign showcasing the positive impact they've had on the lives of both pet parents and animals over the past 15 years. With the increasing number of animal cruelty and brutality cases in India, HUFT aims to put an end to these through acts of compassion, fostering a kinder world where animals and humans can coexist peacefully. 

Samriddh Dasgupta, CMO of HUFT also commented saying “In a world that consumes hate, our pets teach us that love conquers it all. We must advocate for these countless voices, falling victim to cruel acts daily. Together, we can build a kinder world for them. HUFT has always been at the forefront of driving animal welfare, not only for pets but also for the streeties all across the country.”

In the recent past, HUFT has also conducted animal welfare drives by donating 1.5 million meals and 12000 reflective collars to street animals across India. Along with this, they regularly conduct vaccination and sterilization campaigns for abandoned animals. Their recent launch ‘Paws for
Earth’ is a line of eco-friendly products for pets that contribute towards highlighting the importance of environmental sensitivity. Having partnered with 1 million+ pet parents to promote empathy and kindness towards pets and abandoned animals, the foundation is dedicated to further
enhancing the lives of the voiceless this campaign is just the start.
