With luxury labels like Gucci and Hugo Boss entering the market as well as increasing premiumisation of pets, it's clear that there's a growing need of clothing for pets.
by Srishti Kapoor 14-February-2023  |  8 mins read
facebook sharing buttontwitter sharing buttonlinkedin sharing button


The global pet clothing market size was valued at US $ 5.19 billion in 2021 and is projected to reach US $ 7.66 billion by 2031. Notably, projections show a 5 per cent CAGR for the pet apparel market in India. With luxury labels like Gucci and Hugo Boss entering the market, as well as increasing premiumisation of pets, it’s clear that there’s a growing need of clothing for pets. There is a void in the market for the same, but young visionary start-ups like Petterlife, Pawsome, Mutt of Course, etc., are getting ready to fill it.

In spite of the fact that the pet clothing market in India is still in its nascent stage, the sector shows promising early signs of expansion. Since more and more people are getting pets and realising how important it is to provide a nice wardrobe for them, the demand for pet clothes is only going to increase. To remain competitive, start-ups in this industry are prioritising expansion of their online presence and strengthening relationships with existing clients. In addition, studies show there is a growing trend of people gifting pet clothing to their loved ones as well. This has led to a significant increase in the demand for pet clothing as well. The rise of social media has also made it easier for start-ups to reach an audience and build loyal customers.

Younger and visionary start-ups are mushrooming
Heads Up for Tails (HUFT) was started by Rashi Narang in New Delhi in 2008. Now the name has come to be instantly recognised wherever pets are discussed. HUFT provides for all aspects of pet maintenance, from basic necessities like food and water to more extravagant services like high-end spa grooming. It offers a variety of pet clothing, including waterproof coats, T-shirts, sweaters, jackets and even matching clothes for holidays and special events like birthdays and weddings.

The pet apparel industry opens the door for business owners to cash in on this burgeoning industry. Many new companies have found financial success in this market because they offer something that no one else does. Supertails.com, founded by Vineet Khanna, is another company with a toe in the water. It is the first-of-its-kind and it serves the rapidly growing community of pet owners by providing reliable veterinary care, a one-stop shop for pet food and some great pet apparel.

This market has tremendous intact potential. That Dog in Tuxedo, led by Executive Director Shikhar Agrawal in early 2015, is one of the first online dog clothing brands selling unique clothing and accessories such as collars, bow ties, dresses, hats, caps, glasses, neckties, tuxedos and more. It also provides on-demand made-to-order custom-fitting clothing for pets. That Dog in Tuxedo insists on constant innovation, releasing new products as seasons and holidays change.

“Pet owners are coming to us in increasing numbers, looking for not only trendy items, but also practical gear for taking their pets for walk; they have different wardrobes for different activities of pets similar to a child,” stated Shikar.

With all these favourable trends, it’s no surprise that pet apparel start-ups are thriving. The global market for pet apparel is expanding due to the rising popularity of pet ownership, especially among younger generations. Increasing disposable incomes and purchasing power drive demand for more luxury pet products for special occasions.

Even though there is a lack of structure and standardisation in this industry, but a lot of progress has been made as evidenced by the explosion of new pet brands mushrooming in the country. To fill a void in the industry, companies like Lana Paws, Woofsnwags and Furrtango developed eco-friendly pet apparel made from organic cotton and other natural fibres and offered custom design services as well. They have a wide variety of pet supplies, including collars, leashes, bow ties, bandanas, beds, jackets, mats and more cute products.

It’s interesting to note that many of these new ventures are inspired by people who have a deep love for animals and a desire to see change in the world. Take Petterlife, a Mumbai-based start-up that designs and manufactures chic and practical apparel for dogs. The company’s stated goal is to improve the aesthetic and functional well-being of dogs without sacrificing quality or design. Mutt Of Course based in Bengaluru, was founded for the same purpose, to provide pet parents with trendy, reasonably priced garments for their canine companions. Suparna Mitra, the company’s Founder, said that their goal was to prove that only high-end labels are not capable of producing fashionable pet apparel. In light of this, it’s not surprising to learn that new businesses are springing up to meet the rising demand for pet clothes. These companies have a bright future ahead of them because of their dedication to customer satisfaction, cutting-edge product development, use of premium materials and aesthetically appealing range.

WAGR.ai is just one example of a start-up that is expanding into the development of high-tech pet care platforms. In 2019, wagr. ai released an award-winning GPS fitness tracker for pets; in 2020, it released a veterinary consultation app; and in 2022, it launched a comprehensive pet e-commerce portal with more than 70+ pet care brands and 1000+ products, including clothing for pets.

Despite the niche market for pet clothing in India, investors are willing to put money into new businesses. Because of the sector’s rapid expansion and promising future, this is the case. In addition, the Indian pet apparel market is underserved, providing venture capitalists with a promising entry point for their capital. Puppychino, Petsnug, Pawsindia, Goofytails, HUFT, Supertails are some of the most well-known pet apparel start-ups in India. The success of these companies in attracting venture capital funding is indicative of the promising future of the Indian pet apparel market. These businesses have a great opportunity to succeed by penetrating a massive untapped market with well-designed products and a well-executed marketing campaign and not to forget social media, a place where even dog influencers are so popular that they have the capacity to pull a trend.

